OSDOCS-4521: Adds another batch of bugs to RNs (#54408)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

The `HostedCluster` and `NodePool` API resources are available in the beta version of the API and follow a similar policy to xref:../rest_api/understanding-api-support-tiers.adoc[{product-title}] and link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/[Kubernetes].

[id="ocp-4-12-rhv"]

> === Red Hat Virtualization (RHV)

Reviewer: This subsection doesn't follow the format of the other sections in the New Features and Enhancements section where it goes:

```
| New features and Enhancements
|____ Component
|________ enhancement header
|____________ body text
```
Not sure if that's an issue, just noting it here 🙂

Author: I _think_ it is okay. The we have used some bullets in the admin/dev perspectives for the web console section of the release notes

* Previously, conflicting `react-router` routes for `ImageManifestVuln` resulted in attempts to render a details page for `ImageManifestVuln` with a `~new` name. Now, the container security plugin has been updated to remove conflicting routes and to ensure dynamic lists and details page extensions are used on the Operator details page. As a result, the console renders the correct create, list, and details pages for `ImageManifestVuln`. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2080260[*BZ#2080260*])

> * Previously, there was a coding error, yaml that was not synced was occasionally displayed to users. With this update, synced yaml always displays. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2084453[*BZ#2084453*]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, incomplete YAML that was not synced was occasionally displayed to users. With this update, synced YAML always displays. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2084453[*BZ#2084453*]
```

* Previously, the Cluster DNS Operator used GO kubernetes libraries that were based on Kubernetes 1.24 while {product-title} 4.12 is based on Kubernetes 1.25. With this update, GO Kubernetes API is v1.25.2, which aligns the Cluster DNS Operator with {product-title} 4.12 that uses Kubernetes 1.25 APIs. (link: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1558[*OCPBUGS-1558*])

> * Previously, `ovn-kubernetes` did not configure the correct mac address of bond interfaces in `br-ex` bridge. As a result, a node that uses bonding for the primary Kubernetes interface fails to join the cluster. With this update, `ovn-kubernetes` configures the correct mac address of bond interfaces in `br-ex` bridge, and nodes that use bonding for the primary Kubernetes interface successfully join the cluster. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2096413[*BZ2096413*])

Reviewer: I think it's supposed to be [MAC address](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MAC_address):
```suggestion
* Previously, `ovn-kubernetes` did not configure the correct MAC address of bonded interfaces in `br-ex` bridge. As a result, a node that uses bonding for the primary Kubernetes interface fails to join the cluster. With this update, `ovn-kubernetes` configures the correct MAC address of bonded interfaces in `br-ex` bridge, and nodes that use bonding for the primary Kubernetes interface successfully join the cluster. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2096413[*BZ2096413*])
```

> * Previously, when the Ingress Operator was configured to enable the use of mTLS, the Operator would not check if CRLs were due to be updated until some other event caused it to reconcile. As a result, CRLs used for mTLS could become out of date. With this update, the Ingress Operator now automatically reconciles when any CRL expires, and CRLs will be updated at the time specified by their `nextUpdate` field. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2117524[*BZ#2117524*])

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
* Previously, when the Ingress Operator was configured to enable the use of mTLS, the Operator would not check if CRLs needed updating until some other event caused it to reconcile. As a result, CRLs used for mTLS could become out of date. With this update, the Ingress Operator now automatically reconciles when any CRL expires, and CRLs will be updated at the time specified by their `nextUpdate` field. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2117524[*BZ#2117524*])
```

* With this update, you can now set the security context for the registry pod by including the `securityContext` configuration field in the pod specification. This will apply the security context for all containers in the pod. The `securityContext` field also defines the pod's privileges. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2091864[*BZ#2091864*])

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-12-file-integrity-operator-bug-fixes"]
==== File Integrity Operator

> * Previously, the File Integrity Operator deployed templates using the `openshift-file-integrity` namespace in the permissions for the Operator. When the Operator attempted to create objects in the namespace, to would fail due to permission issues. With this release, the deployment resources used by OLM are updated to use the correct namespace, fixing the permission issues so that users can install and use the operator in a non-default namespaces. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2104897[*BZ#2104897*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the File Integrity Operator deployed templates using the `openshift-file-integrity` namespace in the permissions for the Operator. When the Operator attempted to create objects in the namespace, it would fail due to permission issues. With this release, the deployment resources used by OLM are updated to use the correct namespace, fixing the permission issues so that users can install and use the operator in non-default namespaces. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2104897[*BZ#2104897*])
```

* Previously, alerts issued by the File Integrity Operator did not set a namespace. This made it difficult to understand where the alert was coming from, or what component was responsible for issuing it. With this release, the Operator includes the namespace it was installed into in the alert, making it easier to narrow down what component needs attention. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2101393[*BZ#2101393*])

* Previously, the File Integrity Operator did not properly handle modifying alerts during an upgrade. As a result, alerts did not include the namespace in which the Operator was installed. With this release, the Operator includes the namespace it was installed into in the alert, making it easier to narrow down what component needs attention. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2112394[*BZ#2112394*])

* Previously, service account ownership for the File Integrity Operator regressed due to underlying OLM updates, and updates from 0.1.24 to 0.1.29 were broken. With this update, the Operator should default to upgrading to 0.1.30. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2109153[*BZ#2109153*]

> * Previously, the File Integrity Operator daemon used the `ClusterRoles` parameter instead of the `Roles` parameter for a recent permission change. As a result, OLM could not upgrade the Operator. With this release, the Operator daemon reverts to using the `Roles` parameter and upgrades from older versions to version 0.1.29 are successful. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2108475[*BZ#2108475*])

Reviewer: ["Update" is preferred over "upgrade"](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#update):
```suggestion
* Previously, the File Integrity Operator daemon used the `ClusterRoles` parameter instead of the `Roles` parameter for a recent permission change. As a result, OLM could not update the Operator. With this release, the Operator daemon reverts to using the `Roles` parameter and updates from older versions to version 0.1.29 are successful. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2108475[*BZ#2108475*])
```

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-12-compliance-operator-bug-fixes"]
==== Compliance Operator

> * Previously, the Compliance Operator used an old version of the Operator SDK, which is a dependency for building Operators. This caused alerts about deprecated Kubernetes functionality used by the Operator SDK. With this release, the Compliance Operator is upgraded to version 0.1.55, which includes an updated version of the Operator SDK. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2098581[*BZ#2098581*])

Reviewer: Same comment as above about update vs upgrade:
```suggestion
* Previously, the Compliance Operator used an old version of the Operator SDK, which is a dependency for building Operators. This caused alerts about deprecated Kubernetes functionality used by the Operator SDK. With this release, the Compliance Operator is updated to version 0.1.55, which includes an updated version of the Operator SDK. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2098581[*BZ#2098581*])
```

* Previously, applying automatic remediation for the `rhcos4-high-master-sysctl-kernel-yama-ptrace-scope` and `rhcos4-sysctl-kernel-core-pattern` rules resulted in subsequent failures of those rules in scan results, even though they were remediated. The issue is fixed in this release. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2094382[*BZ#2094382*])

> * Previously, the Compliance Operator hard-coded notifications to the default namespace. As a result, notifications from the Operator would not appear if the Operator was installed in a different namespace. This issue is fixed in this release. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2060726[*BZ#2060726*])

Reviewer: ISG nit
```suggestion
* Previously, the Compliance Operator hardcoded notifications to the default namespace. As a result, notifications from the Operator would not appear if the Operator was installed in a different namespace. This issue is fixed in this release. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2060726[*BZ#2060726*])
```

> * Previously, the Compliance Operator failed to fetch API resources when parsing machine configurations without ignition specifications. This caused the `api-check-pods` check to crash loop. With this release, the Compliance Operator is updated to gracefully handle machine config pools without ignition specifications. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2117268[*BZ#2117268*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the Compliance Operator failed to fetch API resources when parsing machine configurations without Ignition specifications. This caused the `api-check-pods` check to crash loop. With this release, the Compliance Operator is updated to gracefully handle machine configuration pools without Ignition specifications. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2117268[*BZ#2117268*])
```

> * Previously, the Compliance Operator held machine configurations in a stuck state because it could not determine the relationship between machine configurations and kubelet configurations due to incorrect assumptions about machine configuration names. With this release, the Compliance Operator is able to determine if a kubelet configuration is a subset of a machine configuration. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2102511[*BZ#2102511*])

Reviewer: Suggestion to break up the sentence:
```suggestion
* Previously, the Compliance Operator held machine configurations in a stuck state because it could not determine the relationship between machine configurations and kubelet configurations. This was due to incorrect assumptions about machine configuration names. With this release, the Compliance Operator is able to determine if a kubelet configuration is a subset of a machine configuration. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2102511[*BZ#2102511*])
```

* When using the Technology Preview OCI feature with the oc-mirror CLI plug-in, the mirrored catalog embeds all of the Operator bundles, instead of filtering only on those specified in the image set configuration file. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-5085[*OCPBUGS-5085*])

> * There is currently a known issue when you run the Agent-based {product-title} Installer to generate an ISO from a directory where the previous release was used for ISO generation. An error message is displayed with the release version not matching. As a workaround, create and use a new directory. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-5159[*OCPBUGS#5159*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There is currently a known issue when you run the Agent-based {product-title} Installer to generate an ISO image from a directory where the previous release was used for ISO image generation. An error message is displayed with the release version not matching. As a workaround, create and use a new directory. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-5159[*OCPBUGS#5159*])
```

* The defined capabilities in the `install-config.yaml` file are not applied in the Agent-based {product-title} installation. Currently, there is no workaround. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-5129[*OCPBUGS#5129*])

> * Pods in the `openshift-marketplace` cause PodSecurityViolation alerts in a vanilla {product-title} cluster. This is because the newly created project's `pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn` and audit are restricted, and the CatalogSource's `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig` is not restricted by default, so you will get the related pod security admission (PSA) warnings, like below:

Reviewer: [API object references](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-object-references) and ISG nit to avoid "vanilla":
```suggestion
* Pods in the `openshift-marketplace` namespace cause PodSecurityViolation alerts in a default {product-title} cluster. This is because the newly created project's `pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn` annotation and audit are restricted, and the CatalogSource's `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig` field is not restricted by default, so you will get the related pod security admission (PSA) warnings, like below:
```
it's possible the object references above aren't right, I made an educated guess, so please feel free to change as needed!

Author: thanks I hadn't noticed this 😆 your suggestion looks right

+
[source,terminal]
----
W0105 03:04:13.729506 1 warnings.go:70 would violate PodSecurity "restricted:v1.24": allowPrivilegeEscalation != false (container "registry-server" must set securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation=false), unrestricted capabilities (container "registry-server" must set securityContext.capabilities.drop=["ALL"]), runAsNonRoot != true (pod or container "registry-server" must set securityContext.runAsNonRoot=true), seccompProfile (pod or container "registry-server" must set securityContext.seccompProfile.type to "RuntimeDefault" or "Localhost")
----
+

> The following `PodSecurityViolation` is also displayed in the `Status` window of the web console:

Reviewer: Should PodSecurityViolation be in backticks? it isn't in the above body text
```suggestion
The following `PodSecurityViolation` alert is also displayed in the `Status` window of the web console:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
A workload (pod,deployment,daemonsset,...) was created in the cluster but it did not match the PodSecurity `restricted` profile defined by its namespace either via the cluster-wide configuration (which triggers on a `restricted` profile violations) or by the namespace local Pod Security labels. Refer to Kubernetes documentation on Pod Security Admission to learn more about these viloations.
----
+

> As a workaround, remove those warnings by changing the project's `pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn` and audit to `baseline` or change the CatalogSource's `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig` to `restricted`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-5423[*OCPBUGS-5423])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a workaround, remove those warnings by changing the project's `pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn` label and audit to `baseline` or change the CatalogSource's `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig` field to `restricted`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-5423[*OCPBUGS-5423])
```
